https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/ACM-34544 Gatekeeper (#8996)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: governance/gatekeeper_operator/upgrade_gk.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[#upgrading-gk-and-gk-operator]
= Upgrading Gatekeeper and the {gate}

[role="_abstract"]
Upgrade Gatekeeper and the {gate} on managed clusters by using the `upgradeApproval` setting in the {gate} policy.

*Required access*: Cluster administrator

When you install the {gate} with the {gate} policy, notice the value for `upgradeApproval`. The operator upgrades automatically when you set `upgradeApproval` to `Automatic`.

> If you set `upgradeApproval` to `Manual`, you must manually approve the upgrade for each cluster where the {gate} is installed.

Author: ```suggestion
. Upgrade {gate} automatically by setting `upgradeApproval` to `Automatic`. 

. Approve {gate} upgrades manually by setting `upgradeApproval` to `Manual`. 

+
*Note:* You must manually approve the upgrade for each cluster where the {gate} is installed.
```

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[#upgrading-gk-and-gk-operator]
= Upgrading Gatekeeper and the {gate}

[role="_abstract"]
Upgrade Gatekeeper and the {gate} on managed clusters by using the `upgradeApproval` setting in the {gate} policy.

*Required access*: Cluster administrator

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

.Procedure

```
